Semi-structured interview questions for NPP interviewees

Warm-Up
0. What is your current occupation or field of study?
1. What led you to do what you currently do in the space of computing education and outreach?

NPP and Operations
2. What is NPP, and what is your role within NPP?
3. How would you describe NPP’s main missions and motivations?
4. Where do you typically acquire the computing equipment that you upcycle for others from?
5. What do you do to prepare the computing equipment for usage/upcycling?
6. What is your process for reaching out to students and clubs to provide support to?
7. Has the quality or type of support from NPP changed over time?
8. What does a typical lifecycle look like for the equipment that gets donated, from acquisition to end-of-life?

Benefits
9. What kind of support do you provide to students and clubs?
10. How much do students already know with regard to the computing topics that you intend to provide more education for?
11. In your experience, what are the most common misconceptions students have when first receiving upcycled equipment or support?
12. What kind of computing equipment do you provide them with?
13. How much is the computing equipment, roughly, worth that you provide?
14. From your understanding, what outcomes have been made possible within the different students and clubs that experienced your support?

Challenges and Needs
15. What challenges have you faced when working with students and clubs?
16. How did you overcome/address these challenges? Are these challenges still prevalent?
17. What do you feel are the most persistent barriers to scaling NPP’s efforts?
18. What challenges do the students and clubs face when conducting any relevant work or projects under your mentoring and support?
19. What trends do you see among the needs or challenges faced by clubs and students today compared to when you started?
20. What do you and NPP need right now to better support the students and clubs?
21. Are there resources you frequently wish you had more of—technical, financial, or human?
22. What kinds of research or data would help you demonstrate or measure NPP’s impact more effectively?
23. How can academic researchers or students meaningfully contribute to NPP’s mission?

Growth Directions
24. How do you envision NPP growing in the next few years?
25. What advice would you give to similar grassroots or nonprofit efforts trying to upcycle and support underserved communities?
26. Are there specific areas where you'd welcome research collaborations?

Conclusion
27. Do you think there was anything that we should have asked but didn’t?
28. Was there anything you felt was relevant but didn’t get a chance to say?

