Semi-structured interview questions for non-NPP interviewees

Warm-Up
0. What is your current occupation or field of study?
1. Are you currently or formerly affiliated with any cybersecurity clubs, and if so, what is (or was) your role and involvement with the club(s)?

Interactions with NPP
2. How were you originally made aware of what NPP is doing for your club?
3. If you are aware, approximately how long ago did NPP first reach out to your club?
4. How is NPP currently supporting you and your club?
5. What kind of computing equipment has NPP provided for you and your club, if any?
6. How would you describe the quality of the equipment you were provided?
7. From your perspective, what are NPP’s intentions and goals in supporting you and your club?
8. How aligned are NPP’s goals with your club’s goals?

Security Education
9. Taking a step back, what has been the extent of your experience with security education in school and courses?
10. How do (or did) you feel about the course offerings at your institution, with regard to security education?
11. What topics in security would you like to see more of within higher education?
12. How can NPP and the upcycled computing equipment/server infrastructure be utilized to better support education in these topics?
13. Outside of formal coursework, where else do you and your peers learn about security?
14. How well prepared do you feel to apply security knowledge in practical or industry settings?
15. What formats (e.g., hands-on labs, lectures, mentorship, CTFs) would you prefer for learning security topics?

Benefits
16. What outcomes involving you and your club have been made possible by NPP’s support?
17. Can you describe a memorable moment or success story that involved NPP’s support?
18. What technologies and concepts are you exposed to through the upcycled computing equipment/server infrastructure?
19. What activities specifically did you do to get exposed to such technologies and concepts?
20. How has what you learned from using the provided computing equipment shown up in classes, your internship/career, or elsewhere?
21. Has NPP’s support impacted member recruitment, retention, or engagement in your club? If so, how?

Challenges and Needs
22. What challenges have you faced when working with NPP? 
23. What challenges have you faced when working with the upcycled computing equipment/server infrastructure they provide?
24. What forms of non-technical support would be valuable from NPP?
25. What do you and NPP need right now to better support you and your club’s goals and operations?

Growth Directions
26. If NPP had to focus on one thing next year to support clubs like yours more effectively, what should that be?
27. What would you and your club like to do more with the upcycled computing equipment/server infrastructure?
28. What advice would you give NPP to better understand or engage with student-led security education efforts?
29. With the shift and integration of AI and LLMs into every aspect of tech, what can NPP do to support exploration and education in AI?

Conclusion
30. Do you think there was anything that we should have asked but didn’t?
31. Was there anything you felt was relevant but didn’t get a chance to say?

